You can run quite well
You think you can really run?
Do it!
Stop
Daring to see the emperor without kneeling
Just saw the emperor
German yuan what's going on
Back to the emperor, the little master's hairpin was lost.
The slave has just been found
I am about to send it back to the little master.
I found that this guard was chasing after the little master
It's all for the Empress
Make sure your whole family has no worries in the future
Wait here to deal with it by public regulations
Yes
It is clear that my old eunuch wants to kill
This is what Concubine Shu means.
You are the beauty of today's draft
Why is Emperor Hui raising his head here to speak?
Amu is a long way away
I made some portable snacks
You can eat it on the way.
And this.
These are the socks I sewed for you with my own hands.
I'll wait for you to come back. Okay.
I'll be back safe and sound, Moxie